# CIS-151 - Final Website Project

My proposed name of business/website name would be Holistic Health. The target audience visiting the website would be people living in urban or suburban areas, ages 12-30 who are interested in learning about how to take care of their health and live happy lives. I would expect the audience to have some technological knowledge but not too much knowledge. The target audience is low to middle income people with any kind of access to the internet and to be able to load the website on any device whether a computer of phone. The site will be used for providing access to scientifically backed information about a variety of topics regarding health and wellbeing.

A user would visit this website because it would provide a quick and simplified variety of health information that they can easily look up to maintain healthy habits. In order to attract future visitors I will promote the website by creating a social media account for the organization. I would also include a test your knowledge section where users can get quizzed on their understanding of the content. In addition to this I would want to create an app that has a variety of easy to follow recipes along with guided mindfulness audio sections in addition to the recommendations provided on the website.

Similar companies like Healthline or Livestrong provide this kind of health information, however they provide an overwhelming amount of often contradicting advice. This leads to confusion or not wanting to continue using their websites because there is too much information that often is not scientifically peer reviewed information. This is where my website would be different because it would only provide concise but simple to follow advice consisting of only a few categories to explore with the intention for people to be able to really understand the information and implement it in their everyday lives.
